README.md, before:

# VisualSARS2Graph

This project worked was build with tableau desktop and python.

# COVID19 US

## AVRG temperature with number cases for each country.

![](subproject/covid19_us/PUB_TemperatureFilter&Contry_COVID-19-world.png)

## People Recovered & Tested & hospidalizate in this moment

![](subproject/covid19_us/Recovered&Tested&inTheHospital.png)


# Dataset used

Look inside the submodule dir to found some data and in addition, you can found an description of dataset [here](data/README.md)

# Author

I developed this project because I'm learning about the data analyctics.

P.S: At this moment I'm developing other chart, if you want see any chart you can open an issue to talk about it.


# Important

This graph are build with data open source and withoud **NO** check by doctor or specialist about covid19. Please pay attentiona and if you want use this chart, you should be **TEST** this data.

# License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

update chart and fixe grammar error

README.md, after:

# VisualSARS2Graph

This project contains some chart about #COVID-19 in the worl, these chart are built with tableau desktop and the dataset are cleaning with python
you can find the script in [this direcotry](src/pythoncvs-filter).

# COVID19 US

## AVRG temperature with number cases for each country.

![](subproject/covid19_us/PUB_TemperatureFilter&Contry_COVID-19-world.png)

## People Recovered & Tested & hospidalizate in this moment

![](subproject/covid19_us/Recovered&Tested&inTheHospital.png)


# Dataset used

Look inside the submodule dir to found some data and in addition, you can found an description of dataset [here](data/README.md)

# Author

I developed this project because I'm learning about the data analyctics and is very interesting build chart on #COVID-19 because it help to stay update with the world.

P.S: At this moment I'm developing other chart, if you want see any chart you can open an issue to talk about it.

Thanks and stay safe.

# Important

These charts are built with open source data and **without** check by doctor or specialist about covid19. Please pay attentiona and if you want use this chart, you should **TEST** these dataset and charts.

# License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.
